[Music]
then Joseph could not restrain himself
before all those who stood by him make
everyone go out from me
so no one stood with him while Joseph
made himself known to his brothers and
he wept aloud and the Egyptians of the
house of Pharaoh heard it then Joseph
said to his brothers I am Joseph does my
father still live but his brothers could
not answer him for they were dismayed in
his presence
please come near to me so they came near
I am Joseph your brother whom you sold
into Egypt but now do not therefore be
grieved or angry with yourselves because
you sold me here for God sent me before
you to preserve life
for these two years the famine has been
in the land and there are still five
years in which there will be neither
ploughing nor harvesting and God sent me
before you to preserve a posterity for
you in the earth and to save your lives
by a great deliverance so now it was not
you who sent me here but God and he has
made me a father to Pharaoh and Lord of
all his house and a ruler throughout all
the land of Egypt
hurry and go up to my father and say to
him thus says your son Joseph God has
made me Lord of all Egypt come down to
me do not tarry you shall dwell in the
land of Goshen and you shall be near to
me you and your children your children's
children your flocks and your herds and
all that you have there I will provide
for you lest you and your household and
all that you have come to poverty for
there are still five years of famine and
behold your eyes in the eyes of my
brother Benjamin see that it is my mouth
that speaks to you so you shall tell my
father of all my glory in Egypt and of
all that you have seen that you should
hurry and bring my father down here
then he fell on his brother Benjamin's
neck and wept and Benjamin wept on his
neck moreover he kissed all his brothers
and wept over them and after that his
brothers talked with him
now the report of it was heard in
Pharaoh's house Joseph's brothers have
come so it pleased Pharaoh and his
servants well and Pharaoh said to Joseph
say to your brothers do this load your
animals and depart go to the land of
Canaan bring your father and your
households and come to me I will give
you the best of the land of Egypt and
you will eat the fat of the land now you
are commanded do this take carts out of
the land of Egypt for your little ones
and your wives bring your father and
come also do not be concerned about your
goods for the best of all the land of
Egypt is yours then the sons of Israel
did sir and Joseph gave them cuts
according to the command of Pharaoh and
he gave them provisions for the journey
he gave to all of them to each man
changes of garments but to Benjamin he
gave three hundred pieces of silver and
five changes of garments and he sent to
his father
these things tend Uncas loaded with the
good things of Egypt and ten female
donkeys loaded with grain bread and food
for his father for the journey
so he sent his brothers away and they
departed and he said to them see that
you do not become troubled along the way
then they went up out of Egypt and came
to the land of Canaan to Jacob their
father Joseph is still alive and he is
governor over all the land of Egypt and
Jacob's heart Stood Still because he did
not believe them but when they told him
all the words which Joseph had said to
them and when he saw the cards which
Joseph had sent to carry him the spirit
of Jacob their father revived it is
enough Joseph my son is still alive I
will go and see him before I die